update-metadata-tags-length (#1024)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.metadata-tags.md

- Data Confidentiality Levels
- Project Staging Environment, e.g. QA or production

## Maximum Length for Tag Values

> The maximum length for string/text in our tag values is restricted to 255 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum length for tag values managed in meshStack is restricted to 255 characters. Please make sure that all platforms support the length of tags you want to replicate to the platform as they all have different restrictions on amount, supported characters and length of tags.
```
